Nodes,Relationship,Properties 
Employee node and Department node 
Employee works for Department
works for relationship
as key value 
key=works for 
value=id =id to department 

suppose there are 1000 nodes ,need to query for 

CREATE	To create nodes, relationships and properties
2.	MATCH	To retrieve data about nodes, relationships and properties
3.	RETURN	To return query results
4.	WHERE	To provide conditions to filter retrieval data
5.	DELETE	To delete nodes and relationships
6.	REMOVE	To delete properties of nodes and relationships
7.	ORDER BY	To sort retrieval data
8.	SET


example 
CREATE (dept:Dept { deptno:10,dname:"Accounting",location:"Hyderabad" })


Neo4j CQL RETURN clause is used -




making relationship between two nodes

CREATE (e:Customer{id:"1001",name:"Abc",dob:"01/10/1982"})

CREATE (cc:CreditCard{id:"5001",number:"1234567890",cvv:"888",expiredate:"20/17"})


To retrieve some properties of a Node
To retrieve all properties of a Node
To retrieve some properties of Nodes and associated Relationships
To retrieve all properties of Nodes and associated relationships


To create Nodes without properties

To create Nodes with Properties

To create Relationships between Nodes without Properties

To create Relationships between Nodes with Properties

To create single or multiple labels to a Node or a Relationship
Example demonstrates how to create a Simple "Employee" node


CREATE (emp:Employee{id:123,name:"Lokesh",sal:35000,deptno:10})

Added 1 label, created 1 node, set 4 properties, returned 0 rows

Neo4j Database Server uses this <node-name> to store this node details in Database.As a Neo4j DBA or Developer, we cannot use it to access node details.

Neo4j Database Server creates a <label-name> as an alias to internal node name.As a Neo4j DBA or Developer, we should use this label name to access node details.


To retrieve some properties of a Node
To retrieve all properties of a Node
To retrieve some properties of Nodes and associated Relationships
To retrieve all properties of Nodes and associated relationships

example 
create Department as node name and has property department no 
return RETURN dept.deptno
return deptno from node dept 


demonstrates How to retrieve some properties(deptno,dname) data of Dept Node from Database.

MATCH (dept: Dept)
RETURN dept.deptno,dept.dname




retrieve data of Dept Node from Database without specifying its properties.

MATCH (dept: Dept)
RETURN dept

d = 3215 shows one node

Id = 25 shows another node

return 2 department node .2 department node has 2 id